<!-- #region -->
# Data Visualization and Prediction Web Application

This web application is a dashboard developed using the Dash framework by Plotly. It provides a user-friendly interface to visualize and interact with time-series data pulled from a database, and view forecast results generated by predictive machine learning models. 

## Features

1. **Line Charts**: The application provides three line charts. For each chart, the user can select the specific column from the database that they want to visualize. The charts display the last 1008 rows of data, sorted by timestamp. 

2. **Prophet Forecasting Trend**: This chart displays the upper and lower bounds of a prediction made using Facebook's Prophet model on selected data column.

3. **LED Display & Gauge**: Display the 'TOTAL_WAVE_HEIGHT' predicted by an LSTM model. The same value is shown on both the LED display and the gauge for user convenience. 

## Usage

```python
@app.callback(
    Output("line-1", "figure"),
    [
        Input("columns_1", "value"),
    ],
)
```
This function updates the figure in "line-1" based on the value selected in "columns_1". It fetches the last 1008 rows from the database, sorts them by timestamp, and plots a line chart for the selected column.

```python
@app.callback(
    Output("trend_prophet", "figure"),
    [
        Input("columns_1", "value"),
    ],
)
```
This function creates a plot showing the predicted trend by the Prophet model for the column chosen in "columns_1". The upper and lower prediction bounds are represented as filled areas.

```python
@app.callback(
    Output("LED-display-WAVEHEIGHT", "value"),
    [
        Input("columns_1", "value"),
    ],
)
```
This function updates the LED display with the 'TOTAL_WAVE_HEIGHT' predicted by the LSTM model. It fetches this value from the database. 

## Installation

To use this web application, clone the repository and install the required libraries. Run the application script and navigate to the local server address displayed in the command line prompt. Please refer to the Dash and Plotly documentation for more detailed setup instructions.

## Contribution

Feel free to fork the project, create a feature branch, and send us a pull request. For bugs and feature requests, please create an issue.
<!-- #endregion -->

```python

```
